docs: Maintenance (#5993)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/support/software-release-cycles-support.md

[List of all releases](https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel/releases)

### Release candidate

A release candidate refers to a pre-release version that is distributed to a limited group of users or customers for testing and evaluation purposes before a wider release.
It allows a selected group, such as our open source community or early adopters, to provide valuable feedback, identify potential issues, and help refine the software.
Please note that since it is not the final version, the release candidate may still contain some bugs or issues that are addressed before the official release.

Release candidates are accessible for our open source community, but will not be deployed to the ZITADEL Cloud Platform.

### Latest

The "latest" release channel is designed for users who prefer to access the most recent updates, features, and enhancements as soon as they become available.
It provides early access to new functionalities and improvements but may involve a higher degree of risk as it is the most actively developed version.
Users opting for the latest release channel should be aware that occasional bugs or issues may arise due to the ongoing development process.

> Latest releases will be deployed to the ZITADEL Cloud service.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Generally available features are available to everyone and have the appropriate test coverage to be used for critical tasks.
The software will be backwards-compatible with previous versions, for exceptions we will publish a [technical advisory](https://zitadel.com/docs/support/technical_advisory).
Features in General Availability are not marked explicitly.

## Maintenance

> On ZITADEL Cloud we follow a regular deployment cycle to ensure our product remains up-to-date, secure, and provides new features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZITADEL Cloud follows a regular deployment cycle to ensure our product remains up-to-date, secure, and provides new features. 
```

Our standard deployment cycle occurs every two weeks, during which we implement updates, bug fixes, and enhancements to improve the functionality and performance of our product.
In certain circumstances, we may require additional deployments beyond the regular two-week cycle.
This can occur for example when we have substantial updates or feature releases that require additional time for thorough testing and implementation or security fixes.

> During these deployments, we strive to minimize any disruptions and do not expect any downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During deployments, we strive to minimize any disruptions and do not expect any downtime.
```

### Release Deployment with Risk of Downtime

> In rare situations where deploying a release carries a risk of downtime, we have a well-defined procedure in place to ensure transparent communication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In rare situations where deploying releases that may  carry a risk of increased latency or short downtime, we have a well-defined procedure in place to ensure transparent communication. 
```

Prior to such deployments, we publish information on our status page, which can be accessed by visiting [https://status.zitadel.com/](https://status.zitadel.com/).

> We also recommend subscribing to those updates on the [status page](https://status.zitadel.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also recommend that you subscribe to those updates on the [status page](https://status.zitadel.com/).
```
